[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Two years have passed
since the war in Marineford.
Each of the Straw Hat Pirates
underwent individual training
and reunited at the
Sabaody Archipelago,
ready to take the next
step into the New World.
[LUFFY]
We're off to Fishman Island!
Wait a sec. What is that thing?
A fish? No.
[CARIBOU] Are you ready?
We only get one shot at this!
[CORIBOU]
Ready, brother!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Ready, Captain!
[CARIBOU]
Before you say anything,
I know what you're thinking.
Hey, you guys?
There's a ship-looking
thing coming our way.
[CARIBOU]
Charge!
[roars]
[CHOPPER]
It's a pirate ship!
[LUFFY]
"Deadly Combat under the Sea!
The Demon of the Ocean Strikes!"
Run!
Hard to port, now!
Attack them, sea cow!
[MOMOO roars]
Tenacious, aren't they?
That sound.
They don't know when to quit!
What are these guys after?
Help me!
The bubble's about to pop!
Keep it up, sea cow!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
I think they want
to board the ship!
Sea cow?
[gasps]
I know that noise
from somewhere.
[roars]
The two bubbles are touching.
This is our big moment, brother!
Good! Is everybody ready?
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
Momoo, it's me!
We've met before!
You're from the
Arlong Pirates, right?
[MOMOO]
Hm?
[NAMI]
Do you remember me?
Nami! I was at Arlong Park!
Hey, Luffy! Doesn't that
thing look kinda familiar?
I dunno.
[SANJI yells]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Pistol!
Let's pay our new friends
a visit, shall we?
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
[laughs]
Hey! That guy's up to somethin'!
Stay out of our bubble!
Guess he's lookin'
for a fight, then.
[CHOPPER screams]
[BROOK screams]
There's no time to waste!
Follow my lead!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
[CARIBOU] Fools! They're
completely dumbfounded!
If they're gonna sit
there catching flies,
then we'll strike
while the iron is hot!
We'll smite this entire
crew... right now!
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK scream]
[CARIBOU]
For glory!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
Come along, men! We'll make
them beg us for mercy!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
What?
[CARIBOU PIRATE A]
What's wrong, sea cow?
[CARIBOU PIRATE B]
Don't panic!
That's not good!
We left Captain Caribou
on that ship back there!
Brother!
[laughs]
Now, it's time for
a little greeting!
Fire the gatling gun, men!
Shower them in bullets!
I want every last
one of them dead!
Send these Straw Hats to hell!
[CARIBOU]
Huh?
[screams]
[CARIBOU]
No! Wait!
You're not going to throw
me into the water, are you?
Please don't do that to me,
my friend, I'm begging you!
Come on, you're a reasonable
fellow, are you not?
By the way, you're
very good-looking!
I'm sure someone
like you understands
the value of human life, right?
And besides,
the gods are watching!
You'll be judged for this!
Oh, make up your
freakin' mind already!
Weren't you just about
to fire your gatling gun
and blast us all
to kingdom come?
Me? No!
I was just, uh... I was
just joking around!
I ain't laughin'.
Anyway, tell me.
I know you're the captain of
that ship, but what's your name?
[CARIBOU]
That's Roronoa Zoro!
Uh, don't be ridiculous.
What in the world makes you
think I would be the captain?
I'm, uh... Oh!
Those ruffians were keeping me
as a... a slave, that's it!
Boy! Whew! Glad that's over!
You know we're not
buying this, right?
Say, how's this?
Do you think I could
stay on this nice ship
with you all for a little while?
Huh? Please?
Wow. I feel kinda sorry
for this poor loser.
He's obviously lying!
Are you crazy?
What?! Seriously?
Hey, I have a question.
Where'd that giant sea cow
pulling your ship come from?
Hello.
[chuckles]
Oh, my... He-he.
Who's this vixen?
I take it you're the
famous cat burglar.
Watch it, pal.
Nobody's allowed to drool
over our beautiful
navigator except for me!
Don't worry.
You're perfectly sa--
[yells]
Hey, that's getting
really old! Cut it out!
The sea cow? Who knows?
I just happened to catch it
out in the ocean somewhere.
When you're underwater,
having a sea monster
pull your ship
is the mark of an
experienced captain.
Huh? Awesome!
[chuckles]
[CARIBOU PIRATE D]
Stop it, sea cow!
[CARIBOU PIRATE E]
What's the problem?
Brother! We're on our
way to rescue you!
[LUFFY] I'm gonna find
a sea monster, too!
[NAMI] What crazy ideas are
you hatching now, Luffy?
Uhh... Ooh! Hmm...
Turtles? Nah, too small.
Jeez.
We should try to
rehabilitate him
with something
a little less sexy.
Hey, Nami, the
direction we're taking
isn't exactly the same way
Log Pose is pointing.
Oh. No problem.
The correct course is
technically southwest,
so we're in the clear.
Yeah, but if we went
in a straight line,
we could get there
a whole lot faster.
Couldn't we?
Well, if you go straight,
you risk getting swept
away in a sea current,
and if that should happen,
you might run into an underwater
mountain or a volcano, see?
That's why.
Huh? Yikes! I'm with
you on this one!
Yeah, but I thought all the
currents here were dangerous.
It is the Grand Line, after all.
So are you saying that some
of them are actually stable?
Well, this one is.
That should do it.
Now you stay put.
Hey, it's gonna start getting
colder from here on out
so make sure you put on
a coat or something.
You bring up a good point.
I'm already starting to feel
goosebumps on my skin.
Well, except for I--
You don't have any skin
because you're a skeleton.
[groans]
[BROOK] Chopper... skull jokes
are the only thing I have.
Please don't take
that away from me.
[ZORO] We're going somewhere
cold? Not the deep sea?
[FRANKY] Don't you guys know the
water's cold in the deep sea?
It's just like a bathtub--
hot water rises and cold
sinks to the bottom.
Oh, does it? I don't
take very many baths.
Ah-ha! 'Cause heat rises and
there's not much sunlight,
so there's nothing to heat
the water down here.
[BROOK] The temperature's
not the only thing
that's different at the bottom.
You're not still
depressed are you?!
Once we move down, we'll find
something called deep currents.
You don't run into
them terribly often,
but they're much larger
than the regular currents.
Also, they're quite unique
in that their flow
is completely independent
of what you see
closer to the surface.
Currents under the currents
and you even have
a diagram, huh?
You sure do know a lot of stuff!
[laughs]
That's because I'm so old!
Not only that,
but all currents are
connected to each other.
But that doesn't mean they have
to flow in the same direction.
They flow east,
west, up, and down.
It's like a big, long
dragon, all tangled up.
[BROOK]
The deep currents tend to travel
at a surprisingly slow pace.
After they reach the deep sea,
it takes approximately
2,000 years
before they finally
make their way
up to the surface of the water.
That makes me feel
young again, actually.
[ALL]
Two thousand?
[BROOK]
Yes, 2,000.
And because of that,
there are countless tales
about what lurks within
those dark deep currents.
Monsters. Curses.
The wrath of the undead!
[screams]
You mean the deep
sea is haunted?
What? The sea's haunted? Help!
That sounds fun to me!
Calm down, guys.
I don't know anything about
the wrath of the undead,
or whatever you're
freaking out about,
but I do know that
we'll encounter
a downward-flowing current soon.
Once we do, we should be able to
ride it down into the deep sea.
Deep sea.
Surface.
Moves downward.
Flow.
Womp-womp.
[ALL] She said something about
deep sea currents, I dunno.
You morons could at least
pretend like you understand me!
[BROOK laughs]
[BROOK]
Shall we sing a duet, Nami?
[NAMI]
Shut up!
[ROBIN]
Hm?
Huh?
[ALL sigh]
I hear something.
It's here.
Nami, I see it!
[NAMI]
Really?
Let's check it out!
[ALL laughing]
That's freakin' sweet!
--[CHOPPER] Whoa!
--Amazing!
I admit, whatever that
thing is, it's pretty cool.
This one's called
the Downward Plume.
[gasps]
Cool!
It's almost like
a giant waterfall.
[USOPP]
Except underwater!
It's going so fast!
The sea is like falling
into the sea!
Which doesn't make
sense, but I like it!
Mother Nature,
you're one crazy lady!
What a spectacular sight.
And from the looks of it, I'd
say the stream runs fairly deep.
I've heard stories
about these currents,
but they did not
do them justice!
Ah! It's crazy dark down there!
The floor's so far,
you can't even see it!
We're dead!
At this speed, we're
gonna get pile-driven
straight down to the bottom!
[screams]
[NAMI] You sure it's safe
if we just go with the flow?
[FRANKY] If you're worried
about the ship, don't be.
Sunny was built from the
treasure tree Adam.
It's as tough as they come!
Okay! Let's go!
[CARIBOU]
Uh? Is that--?
Crap. So it really
does live down here!
It's no legend.
[roaring]
[CARIBOU] A demon that
rules over the deep seas.
The enemy of all mankind.
Please, listen to me Straw Hats!
We have to turn back!
We're gonna die!
[ZORO] Oh, yeah.
I forgot you were here.
There's a sea monster!
[screams]
Cut it out already.
There's no monster.
[roars]
They're just stories.
Somebody made that
up to scare people.
[NAMI, CHOPPER gasp]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Uh... Usopp?
Jeez, what is the
matter with you guys?
Uh... look.
Just spit it out.
Oh?
Uh-oh. It's here?
Uh-huh.
[USOPP]
Okay.
[screams]
[USOPP]
It's the kraken!
[BOTH scream]
The legendary giant
octopus monster!
[FRANKY] He made fish
food outta those ships.
They left for the New World
and never made it.
Turn around! Please, I'm not
ready to die! I beg you!
Just wait around for a couple
days and it'll probably go away!
[LUFFY]
Hey, shut up for a second!
I just had a perfect idea!
Guys, we just have
to capture it!
[OTHERS]
Huh?
Have you lost your mind, Luffy?
[LUFFY]
Well, if we catch it,
we can teach it how
to pull the ship!
[USOPP]
Like hell we can!
I'd tell you to take
a good look at it,
but it's so ridiculously huge,
I don't know how in the world
you could miss the damn thing!
Yeah, that is big.
We're all gonna die!
[USOPP] It must've been
here for centuries!
The kraken shows up in myths
from all over the world!
It's one of the most terrible
monsters that ever lived!
It doesn't have any bones,
and I am only bones...
That's interesting.
I wonder if it enjoys
making no-skull jokes.
Yeah, I doubt it!
[FRANKY] Hey, you're
a pretty good artist.
I wanted to capture
the moment on paper.
Drawing pictures?! Really?!
I'll help you out.
You've got a plan, right?
Problem is, there's not
much we can do underwater.
No. No. No.
The problem is,
the thing's gigantic.
We couldn't even take it
on above sea level.
[CARIBOU]
What is wrong with these people?
Anybody in their right mind
would've run for
the hills by now!
What's taking them
so long to decide?
We're leaving!
Shift the helm due south!
Hey, Nami! Let's go
straight towards it!
[NAMI]
Don't be stupid! That thing is--
[SANJI] It's okay, Nami.
I'm here for y--
Here for...
...for you.
You held it in! Good job!
We made him all better!
Well, it helps that Nami
put on a coat, too.
[CARIBOU]
I'm not safe on this ship.
I'll have to protect myself.
Somethin's coming up behind us.
[SURUME roars]
Huh?
[CORIBOU]
Brother!
[USOPP]
These guys again?
Ah! I'm so happy you
came back for me!
Let's rush in there
and rescue my bro!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
You're the best crew
a captain could ask for!
Stop it!
[CHOPPER, USOPP, BROOK scream]
[CHOPPER]
It destroyed the coating!
[USOPP] That ship's
bigger than the Sunny!
No! They didn't make it!
[CARIBOU cries]
Like jellyfish.
Dammit, Roronoa!
That's too cruel!
[USOPP]
Here it comes!
It's so huge!
There's no way we can fight
against a monster like that!
Now, Third Gear--
No!
If you do that, you'll break
the bubble for sure!
Chicken... Voyage!
Can't we--Ah!--escape somehow?
[LUFFY]
Wait, let me take care of it.
Don't go!
If you pop the bubble,
then we all die!
The little fellow's right!
But if you wanna face
the kraken that badly,
I might just have
the idea for you!
Fine, what is it?
Make it snappy!
There! Perfect!
That contraption is called
the Flutter Kick Coating.
It's an extravehicular
diving suit.
As long as you stay inside it,
you can fight underwater
as much as you need to.
Pretty amazing, right?
[CARIBOU]
If I let them call the shots,
we'll all go to hell
in a handbasket.
Hey, you weren't
supposed to do that!
The rest of us wanted
to get out of here!
Now they're gonna stay and
try to fight that thing!
I've been telling you all to
run away from the beginning,
but your fearless leader was
having none of that, now was he?
Think of it this way,
would you rather have
them fight it outside
or fight it right here
on the ship?
Right! You guys get out there!
Far, far away!
This rope's kinda annoying.
Remember to stay as far
from the ship as you can!
Sure.
Well, you ready?
[BOTH]
Yeah!
Huh? Wait a sec!
You guys forgot
the safety ropes!
You're gonna get separated!
Sounds like Nami's
worried about me.
Listen up!
I need both of you guys
to distract him.
If I can get one good punch off,
I think I can take him!
Why don't I just slice him
to pieces? It'd be easier.
'Cause that wouldn't
do me any good!
I wanna capture him
and keep him as a pet!
[CHOPPER]
Careful, guys.
Yeah, and keep your distance!
'Cause every centimeter counts.
[BOTH scream]
[USOPP]
Okay, that was way too close!
All right, stand back!
Franky...
[BOTH gasping]
[gasps]
...Rocket Launcher!
[USOPP]
Got 'im!
[CHOPPER]
That was incredible!
[BOTH scream]
[USOPP]
Not another one!
[CHOPPER]
How many arms does it have?
It's gonna hit us!
Guard Point!
Whoa! It hit the
ship pretty hard!
[CHOPPER]
Everyone okay?
[USOPP]
He... He saved us!
Thanks, buddy!
Nice one, Chopper!
[BROOK] We're about to be
crushed against that mountain!
[gasps] Now, Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco Mano!
[ALL screaming]
[CHOPPER]
Wow, those hands are big!
[gasps]
--[FRANKY] Yeah!
--[CHOPPER] Woo-hoo!
Nice one, Robin!
That was close!
[BROOK laughing]
Thank goodness.
I was only in the water
for the briefest moment,
so my power held out.
Everybody did great!
Now, guess it's my turn!
I'll use my new special move.
[LUFFY exhales]
Third Gear.
[NARRATOR] Luffy, Zoro, and
Sanji leave the relative safety
of the Sunny to face the
kraken in its own territory.
Putting their powerful
new skills to work,
they survive the encounter,
only to be swept away
by a downward current.
Now, separated from
the rest of the crew,
they become lost in
the murky depths.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Lost in the Deep Sea!
The Straw Hats Get Separated!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!